Document dashboard creation (#2732)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/getting-started/observe-your-clusters-and-apps/index.md

On some occasions, you may want to create a custom dashboard to visualize the metrics of your application. Once logged into the [platform API]({{< relref "/reference/platform-api" >}}), you can start using the Grafana UI and create your very first dashboard. There, you can create panels with the desired visualizations. Then, export your dashboard by selecting `Share > Export` in the dashboard context menu, or by accessing the JSON Model in the dashboard settings.

Grafana stores its data in a PostgreSQL cluster with regular backups, so your dashboard persists even if you upgrade it later or if the system restarts. For more information on dashboard creation, you can check our [dashboard creation guide]({{< relref "/overview/observability/dashboard-management/dashboard-creation" >}}).

You can [download our example dashboard](./dashboard.json).

> Please note that the recommended way for creating dashboard across multiple installations is to use the `GitOps` approach where you store your dashboards' JSON files into a git repository. For more information, check the [dashboard creation guide]({{< relref "/overview/observability/dashboard-management/dashboard-creation#gitops-approach" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend treating dashboards as code - versioned, reviewed, and deployed like any other infrastructure component. In this `GitOps` approach you store your dashboards' JSON files in a git repository. For more information, check the [dashboard creation guide]({{< relref "/overview/observability/dashboard-management/dashboard-creation#gitops-approach" >}}).
```
